README.md, before:

# Getting started

## Tech Stack

### Frontend

React JS
  - [Functional Composition](https://reactjs.org/docs/components-and-props.html)
  - [Material UI](https://material-ui.com/)
  - [Redux](https://redux.js.org/introduction/getting-started)
  - [React Router Dom](https://reactrouter.com/web/guides/quick-start)
  - [Jest](https://jestjs.io/docs/en/getting-started) & [Testing Library React](https://testing-library.com/docs/react-testing-library/intro/)
  - [Cypress](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/overview/why-cypress.html)


## Project Structure

```sh
├── public # Public Assets
├── README.md # Setup Instructions
├── src # Source Code
│   ├── App.css # Main app styles
│   ├── App.tsx # Main app and router
│   ├── common # Common repo data types
│   ├── components # Common components
│   │   └── Component # Folder named after component
│   │       ├── Component.tsx # Component
│   │       └── util.ts
│   ├── index.css
│   ├── index.tsx
│   ├── mock # Mock tools and repo data
│   │   ├── data
│   │   │   └── podcast.ts
│   │   └── service.ts # Tools for mocking services
│   ├── feature # Feature folder example
│   │   ├── components # Feature specific components
│   │   │   ├── Component.tsx
│   │   ├── Page.tsx # Feature page (routable)
│   │   ├── util.ts
│   │   └── store # Feature specific store module
│   │       ├── actions.ts
│   │       ├── reducer.ts
│   │       └── types.ts
│   ├── routes.ts # Routes and route meta data
│   ├── services # Api services and tools for building crud services
│   ├── store # Common store modules
│   │   └── module # Short module name
│   │       ├── actions.ts
│   │       ├── reducer.ts
│   │       └── types.ts
│   └── util # Common utilities
└── tsconfig.json # Typescript Config

```

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm lint`

Performs linting operations against the project using the `./eslintrc.json` config

### `npm test`

Launches the jest unit test runner in watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run cypress`

Opens cypress test runner and displays all specs to be ran individually.
See [test runner](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/core-concepts/test-runner.html#Overview) for more information.

### `npm run test:e2e`

Runs all cypress cypress specs and dislays a report upon completion.

### `npm run test:all`

Lints the entire prokect, runs all unit tests followed by all cypress cypress specs.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

Commit message:

Podcast tests (#6)
* small style changes

* fixed tests and did a bit of cleanup

* added prettier, fixed typing errors, added vscode project config

* setup all prettier config and cleaned up more types

README.md, after:

# Getting started

## Tech Stack

### Frontend

React JS
  - [Functional Composition](https://reactjs.org/docs/components-and-props.html)
  - [Material UI](https://material-ui.com/)
  - [Redux](https://redux.js.org/introduction/getting-started)
  - [React Router Dom](https://reactrouter.com/web/guides/quick-start)
  - [Jest](https://jestjs.io/docs/en/getting-started) & [Testing Library React](https://testing-library.com/docs/react-testing-library/intro/)
  - [Cypress](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/overview/why-cypress.html)


## Project Structure

```sh
├── public # Public Assets
├── README.md # Setup Instructions
├── src # Source Code
│   ├── App.css # Main app styles
│   ├── App.tsx # Main app and router
│   ├── common # Common repo data types
│   ├── components # Common components
│   │   └── Component # Folder named after component
│   │       ├── Component.tsx # Component
│   │       └── util.ts
│   ├── index.css
│   ├── index.tsx # Root element
│   ├── mock # Mock tools and repo data
│   │   ├── data
│   │   │   └── podcast.ts
│   │   └── service.ts # Tools for mocking services
│   ├── feature # Feature folder example
│   │   ├── components # Feature specific components
│   │   │   ├── Component.tsx
│   │   ├── Page.tsx # Feature page (routable)
│   │   ├── Page.styles.ts # Feature styles: usePageStyles, useComponentStyles
│   │   ├── util.ts
│   │   └── store # Feature specific store module
│   │       ├── actions.ts
│   │       ├── reducer.ts
│   │       └── types.ts
│   ├── routes.ts # Routes and route meta data
│   ├── services # Api services and tools for building crud services
│   ├── store # Common store modules
│   │   └── module # Short module name
│   │       ├── actions.ts
│   │       ├── reducer.ts
│   │       └── types.ts
│   └── util # Common utilities
└── tsconfig.json # Typescript Config

```

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm lint`

Performs linting operations against the project using the `./eslintrc.json` config

### `npm prettier:conflicts`

Performs a check against your eslint and prettier rules to find conflicts

### `npm test`

Lints the entire prokect, runs all unit tests followed by all cypress specs.

### `npm run test:unit`

Launches the jest unit test runner in watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run test:e2e`

Runs all cypress cypress specs and dislays a report upon completion.

### `npm run cypress`

Opens cypress test runner and displays all specs to be ran individually.
See [test runner](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/core-concepts/test-runner.html#Overview) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

## Linting & Formatting

We use [eslint to lint the project and prettier](https://www.robertcooper.me/using-eslint-and-prettier-in-a-typescript-project) as a formatter. [Certain eslint rules will conflic with this setup](https://www.robertcooper.me/using-eslint-and-prettier-in-a-typescript-project). Run `npm run prettier:conflicts` to see a list of any conflicts after making changes to any linting rules.

The Project is configured to Unix LF or '/n', End of Line Characters. [Prettier is setup](https://prettier.io/docs/en/options.html#end-of-line) to maintain this throughout the project.

Prettier rules are nested within the eslintrc > rules > prettier/prettier
